# Errorizer - A stringer, but for Errors

Errorizer is a tool to automate the creation of methods that satisfy the
Error interface. Given the name of a (signed or unsigned) integer type T
that has constants defined, errorizer will create a new self contained Go
source file implemented


	func (t T) Error() string

The file is created in the same package and directory as the package that
defines T.  It has helpful defaults designed for use with go generate.

Errorizer works best with constants that are consecutive values such as
created using iota, but creates good code regardless. In the future it might
also provide custom support for constant sets that are bit patterns.

For example, given this snippet,


	package painkiller
	
	type Pill int
	
	const (
		Placebo Pill = iota
		Aspirin
		Ibuprofen
		Paracetamol
		Acetaminophen = Paracetamol
	)

running this command

	errorizer -type=Pill

in the same directory will create the file pill_error.go, in package
painkiller, containing a definition of

	func (Pill) Error() string

Typically this process would be run using go generate, like this:

	//go:generate errorizer -type=Pill

If multiple constants have the same value, the lexically first matching name
will be used (in the example, Acetaminophen will print as "Paracetamol").

With no arguments, it processes the package in the current directory.
Otherwise, the arguments must name a single directory holding a Go package
or a set of Go source files that represent a single Go package.

The -type flag accepts a comma-separated list of types so a single run can
generate methods for multiple types. The default output file is t_string.go,
where t is the lower-cased name of the first type listed. It can be
overridden with the -output flag.

The -linecomment flag tells stringer to generate the text of any line
comment, trimmed of leading spaces, instead of the constant name. For
instance, if the constants above had a Pill prefix, one could write


	PillAspirin // Aspirin

to suppress it in the output.


---
Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)
